Q1 How do you create a string?
A  Enclose one (or more) characters between single- or double- quotes

Q2 What are the differences between using single and double quotation marks?
A  Double-quotes allow the interpolation of php variables, while single-
   quotes do not.

   For example:

   $x = '$foo' => Assigns the string $foo to the variable 'x'
   $x = "$foo" => Assigns the value of $foo to the variable 'x'

Q3a What is the concatenation operator?
A   The . character is the concatentation operation

Q3b What is the concatenation assignment operator?
A   The sequence .= is the concatenation assignment operator

Q4a What is the impact of having a newline in a string printed to the
    browser?
A   There is no impact. The newline is not interpreted in any special
    manner.

Q4b How do you convert a newline character to a break tag?
A   Use the php nl2br() function to convert all instances of newlines
    in a string to break tags.

Q5a What problems can occur when HTML is entered into form elements whose
    values will later be printed back to the Web browser?
A   Nasty users can enter javascript and other code that can cause security
    issues.

    Html sequences can also cause output from the browser to look messy
    and unprofessional.

Q5b What steps can be taken to sanctify submitted form data?
A   One can use the htmlspecialchars(), htmlentities() or strip_tags()
    functions to escape or remove HTML tags from form data.

Q6 What function makes data safe to pass in a URL?
A  One can use the urlencode function to make data safe in a URL.

   One can also use the htmlspecialchars(), htmlentities() or strip_tags()
   functions to remove any user-provided HTML tags from data passed as
   parameters in a URL.

Q7a How do you escape problematic characters within a string?
A   One can use the urlencode() function to escape problematic characters.
    For example, urlencode('John Smith') generates 'John+Smith'.

    One can also use the backslash character to escape a double-quote in
    a string delimited by double-quotes:

    print "<p>\"This is the answer!\"</p>";

Q7b What happens if you do not escape them?
A   One cannot pass multi-world parameters or other special characters
    to another script or function without encoding or encrypting them.

    If you do not escape double-quotes within a double-quote delimited
    string, it can cause unmatched quote issues.

Q8 The characters in a string are indexed beginning at what number?
A  Characters in a string are indexed beginning at zero.

Q9 What does the trim() function do?
A  The trim() function removes leading & trailing whitespace from a string.
